README.md, before:

# JS Library Project
This is a webpage that allows the user to add, delete and modify the "have read" status of various books added.

This project was made according to the specifications of [The Odin Project's Library Project, which you can access here.](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/node-path-javascript-library)

## User Stories
This project will have the following functionality:

1. It will display all the stored books on the webpage.
2. Users will be able to add a new book. When adding a new book, they will have the option to input details about said book, including:
- author
- title
- number of pages
3. Users will be able to remove a book by pressing a button beside a book's listing.
4. Users will be able to toggle a book as "read" or "unread" by pressing a button beside a book's listing.

## Future Goals
I intend to implement these goals after the fundamental user stories have been completed.

1. Optimize showBook's cohesion by splitting its functionality into separate functions.
2. Fix the "new book" form to the right of the webpage.

Commit message:

finished implementing mark book as read status

README.md, after:

# JS Library Project
This is a web app that allows the user to manage a collection of books.

This project was made according to the specifications of [The Odin Project's Library Project, which you can access here.](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/node-path-javascript-library)

## User Stories
This project will have the following functionality:

1. It will display all the stored books on the page, showing their title, author, number of pages, and whether or not they've been read.
2. Users will be able to add a new book. When adding a new book, they will have the option to input details about said book, including:
- author
- title
- number of pages
3. Users will be able to remove a book by pressing a button beside a book's listing.
4. Users will be able to mark a book as read or unread by pressing a button beside a book's listing.

## Future Goals
I intend to implement these goals after the fundamental user stories have been completed.

1. Optimize showBook's cohesion by splitting its functionality into separate functions, as it is currently handling multiple tasks, which is unnecessary and bad practice.
2. Fix the "new book" form to the right of the page.
3. Reformat the book entries so they look better.
